README.md, before:

# Final Project

An exercise to put to practice software development teamwork, subsystem communication, containers, deployment, and CI/CD pipelines. See [instructions](./instructions.md) for details.

## Team members

- [Darren Zou](https://github.com/darrenzou)
- [Peter D'Angelo](https://github.com/dangelo729)
- [Gene Park](https://github.com/geneparkmcs)
- [Joseph Chege](https://github.com/JosephChege4)

# Acknowledgements

- Each of the following links is a source we looked at during the completion of this assignment
    - [Folder Structure](https://studygyaan.com/flask/best-folder-and-directory-structure-for-a-flask-project)
    - [Flask Configuration](https://codingnomads.com/python-flask-app-configuration-project-structure)
    - [Flask Stucture and Blueprints](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-structure-a-large-flask-application-with-flask-blueprints-and-flask-sqlalchemy)
    - [Flask with MongoDB and Docker](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-flask-with-mongodb-and-docker)

Commit message:

readme description and fixed tests

README.md, after:

# Final Project

An exercise to put to practice software development teamwork, subsystem communication, containers, deployment, and CI/CD pipelines. See [instructions](./instructions.md) for details.

## Description

Our Personal Finance Tracker is a web application meant to assist users in managing their finances. It's built with Python and Flask, offering features such as (insert features here). The application utilizes a MongoDB database to securely store user data and transaction histories. It's also containerized using Docker, making sure there's consistent deployment across differing environments. We also have unit tests included to maintain code quality and reliability.

## Team members

- [Darren Zou](https://github.com/darrenzou)
- [Peter D'Angelo](https://github.com/dangelo729)
- [Gene Park](https://github.com/geneparkmcs)
- [Joseph Chege](https://github.com/JosephChege4)

# Acknowledgements

- Each of the following links is a source we looked at during the completion of this assignment
    - [Folder Structure](https://studygyaan.com/flask/best-folder-and-directory-structure-for-a-flask-project)
    - [Flask Configuration](https://codingnomads.com/python-flask-app-configuration-project-structure)
    - [Flask Stucture and Blueprints](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-structure-a-large-flask-application-with-flask-blueprints-and-flask-sqlalchemy)
    - [Flask with MongoDB and Docker](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-flask-with-mongodb-and-docker)
